<p>We are StockStudio. (&quot;StockStudio,&quot; &quot;we&quot; or &quot;us&quot;). We respect your privacy and work hard to protect the confidentiality of information that you give us. We will share your personal data with third parties only in the event that it&rsquo;s needed for the provision of services and data you have requested (explained in detail in this privacy policy).</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>1. About Us</strong></p>  <p>StockStudio is the data controller responsible for your personal data and is the sole owner of the StockStudio Mobile Applications, StockStudio services (each, a &quot;Service&quot;) and all of the information collected on it. StockStudio collects information from users in several ways (explained in detail in this privacy policy).</p>  <p>This privacy policy applies to personal data that we collect from you when you visit this Mobile Application, create an account, use our applications or services (&quot;you&quot; or &quot;your&quot; being interpreted accordingly). It provides information on what personal data we collect, why we collect personal data, how it is used, the lawful basis on which your personal data is processed, how it is stored, and how we share information.</p>  <p>As used in this privacy policy, &quot;personal data&quot; means any information that relates to you from which you can be identified.</p>  <p>By using our Service or submitting your personal data, you are agreeing to accept the terms of this privacy policy, so please read it carefully. If you disagree with this privacy policy at any point or time, you should stop using our Services and delete your user account.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>2. Updates</strong></p>  <p>We may update this privacy policy at our discretion from time to time by posting a new version on our Mobile Application. You should check our Mobile Application occasionally to ensure any changes made are suitable for you. If required by applicable law, you will be informed of any significant changes made to the privacy policy.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>3. Personal data that we collect</strong></p>  <p>There is no need to create an account when searching and viewing information from certain markets, such as symbols, quotes, financial data, as well as ideas and publicly available data of StockStudio users.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>4. Data we receive from you</strong></p>  <p>- User Accounts</p>  <p>If you decided to create an account, you will need to provide us with some personal data so we can provide you with access to our additional services that users benefit from. You may also elect to provide us with additional information about you, as described below.</p>  <p>During registration you will be required to provide us with either:</p>  <ul> 	<li>your phone number, email address;</li> 	<li>your account information with one of the following social Internet services: Apple, Facebook, Google</li> </ul>  <p>In some cases, you may need to provide and verify your phone number. You can also add additional information about yourself in the profile settings, however, this is not mandatory.</p>  <p>- Contact data</p>  <p>We also process any personal data you choose to give when corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise visiting and interacting with this Mobile Application or any other services we operate.</p>  <p>- Analytics</p>  <p>When you are using our Mobile Applications, we may collect analytics information automatically. This information may include your general device information, device identifiers (for example, Advertising Identifier (IDFA), network information, and application interaction events. We collect pseudonymous data only and this analytic information does not include any personal identifiable information from your profile. We use this information to analyze and improve the work of our services and applications, and to develop, test, and improve our service further. For this purpose we may use internal analytic as well as third party service providers. For further details about our use of third party service providers, please refer to the Analytics providers section below.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>5. Data we receive from third parties</strong></p>  <p>When you sign in to your account using your social internet service credentials (Apple, Facebook, Google), such service sends us your username and the email address associated with the credentials you&#39;ve used. We neither control nor take any responsibility for the way third parties provide information about you and/or process your personal data.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>6. How personal information is used</strong></p>  <p>We use personal data in various ways that are necessary to provide the services you intend to use, certain legitimate interests, and as a necessity in order to comply with applicable law, as further described below.</p>  <p>We do not generally rely on your consent to allow us to process your personal data if there is another lawful ground available. If we do rely on your consent, we will make this clear to you at that time.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>7. User account and profile operations</strong></p>  <p>We use your contact details, such as username, email address, or phone number, in the following ways:</p>  <ul> 	<li>to authenticate your user account, ensure its security along with the security of our services, and to prevent spam, fraud, and abuse;</li> 	<li>to acknowledge, confirm, and deal with your user account;</li> 	<li>to send all new users a welcome activation email to verify their email address</li> </ul>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>8. User account deleting</strong></p>  <p>You may refuse to use our Mobile Application and may ask us to delete your account in the Profile settings. Your account will be deleted after 30 days. During this time, you can stop the deletion process at any time.</p>  <p>Please note that if you have requested your account to be deleted, we will delete the subsequent personal data you have supplied us.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p><strong>9. Marketing</strong></p>  <p>We may send you marketing emails about our products or services that are similar to the products or services you are subscribed to, including information about events and other promotions we feel may interest you. This is unless you have indicated to us that you do not wish to receive communications in this manner. We will send you other promotional information by email only with your consent, which was given at the time you provided us with your personal data. Users can opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking &quot;unsubscribe&quot; in one of the emails.</p>
